RFD 101: Kubernetes Per-pod RBAC (#18434)
gravitational/teleport: rfd/0099-pod-access-requests.md

which cluster he wants to request access to. If the user does not provide any
cluster, `tsh` will fill it with the default Teleport context from `kubeconfig`.

When a access request is of Type `pod`, Teleport allows the user to access other
Kubernetes resources such as `secrets`, `configmaps`... In order to control the
scope, the `search_as_role`'s Kubernetes principals must allow access to
`pods` and forbid every other resource.

## Restrict Pod access (**selected**)

Proposed is a new way to restrict access to specific Pods on a Kubernetes cluster.
Given a set of roles with Kubernetes RBAC principals - groups or users,
that normally grant access to a larger set of Pods, once `kubernetes_resources`
is specified in at least one of the roles, Teleport will restrict the user's
access to the list of pods specified under `kubernetes_resources`.
`kubernetes_resources` must define a subset of the Pods allowed by the user's Kubernetes
RBAC principals otherwise Teleport can let the request through and Kubernetes RBAC
will deny it. The user's permissions are the intersection of the
permissions allowed by Kubernetes RBAC and the list of Pods defined in `kubernetes_resources`.

> When accessing a pod, Teleport evaluates if any Role allow the access to the Pod,

Reviewer: Nit: I'd clarify a bit more.
```suggestion
When accessing a pod in a Kube cluster, Teleport evaluates if any Role matching this Kube cluster allows the access to the Pod,
```
